About Our NFL DFS Stacks for Week 1
The Stokastic NFL DFS Top Stacks are developed and maintained by the best DFS pros in the world. There are separate tabs containing NFL DFS stacks for each sportsbook. These NFL DFS stacks for your NFL DFS contests are updated regularly everyday, including whenever any NFL DFS-relevant news breaks. A Top Stack is the probability that the QB + receiver combo will be the highest-scoring of the week. We averaged the probabilities for top-scoring with one receiver and two receivers together. The Value is top stack percentage points per dollar of salary spent. The Rush Percentage is how often the team is expected to rush on any given play during the game. A lower Rush % means the quarterback will be throwing more often! And finally, the Rating is Stokastic's rating of the quality of the stack taking into consideration key variables like top stack probability, top value probability and ownership.

One of the critical skills to success in DFS tournaments is the management of the strength of your lineup to get a high score vs. the popularity of the players you’re selecting. To help with that task, I created the top stacks tool, which aggregates my rankings or projections and compares them to the ownership for that week. For this I only considered passing, because that's where you can pick up points from your quarterback and his receiver at the same time.

The top stack probability represents the chance that a quarterback + one or two skill position players will be the highest scoring combination when considering QB passing/rushing and WR/TE/RB receiving only. I found this was the best way to predict what quarterback stack will be the best because adding rushing makes outlier performances from running backs make his quarterback look good but really you would want a different quarterback if the running back runs for several touchdowns.

If the probability of your team stack being the best of the week is higher than their quarterback's ownership, it indicates a situation where a stack is undervalued (or overpriced) compared to their potential that week. Keep in mind that not everyone is stacking, so the amount of people with your stack will be lower than the quarterback ownership.

Finally we combine all of these metrics, including the top stack, top value, and ownership into one value which we call the top stacks ratings. This rating is valued from 0-100 to show a score relative to other stacks on the slate. In general, you should prefer stacks with a higher rating to win the biggest contests of the week!